# Senior Project- Windows and Doors
I chose to present this code from my senior project in order to showcase one of the most complex pieces I worked on in a collaborative environment. The program itself is intended to solve the problem of having to manually calculate costs for products that have many variables which change the final cost. It also alerts users when their requests are invalid in cases such as a window not meeting either the minimum height or width threshold. In these cases, calculations are not made because the requested item is not possible for the company to create.
# Using the Application
In order to use the application, you should download the entire project, maintaining the file structure and run the program from run.java in Eclipse. A window should appear with a drop down list. Select a product from this list to open a new window with a product calculator. 
# Known issues
This version of the project has many unimplemented calculators and the following products throw an exception; DynaWeld 2-LiteGlider Series 3030, ThermalWeld Plus Vinyl Custom Patio Door Series 7480, UltraWeld Vinyl Double Casement Series 8450, UltraWeld Vinyl Triple Casement Series 8450, UltraWeld Garden Window, UltraWeld Vinyl Patio Door Series 8480, UltraWeld Vinyl Custom Patio Door Series 8480
The following products present the user with a placeholder window which was not present in the finished product; ThermalWeld Plus Shapes Series 7400, UltraWeld Vinyl Single Casement Series 8450, UltraWeld Shapes Series 8400, UltraWeld Patio Door Transom Series 8485, UltraWeld Patio Door Sidelite Series 8480, Bays & Bows
Unfortunately, I was unable to obtain a newer version of the application from the client. However, because I did have this older version of the application saved locally, I still felt that the project was ambitious enough and successful enough that it had to be shown.
